RE
BE A
Oh, right, Lǐ Mù
Tomorrow, Ruò Yǔ
Will negotiate cooperation with Dì Háo
And you?
Send Sū Qí to the group
To sign the contract with Ruò Yǔ
Young Master
Why not tell the young lady
That Dì Háo Group belongs to you?
If she wants to win
How could I let her lose?
Let’s go
Hello
I’m here to meet Vice President Wáng
To discuss cooperation
Please inform him
What era is this
That anyone dares to come negotiate cooperation?
As a person
You should be honest and realistic
Don’t always think of shortcuts
I’m really here for cooperation
Alright
People like you
I’ve seen plenty
On the surface
Talking righteously about cooperation
But behind the scenes
Aren’t you just selling yourself?